URGENT BUG FIX — PRICINA OWNER APP IS NOT RECEIVING/SHOWING NEW CUSTOMER REQUESTS

The Owner app UI has already been implemented, but when a customer submits a request/inquiry from the PRICINA website, the request is successfully being stored in Firebase/Firestore, yet it is NOT appearing inside the PRICINA Owner Android app.

This is a critical backend/data-flow issue.

DO NOT redesign the app.
DO NOT replace Firebase with mock data.
DO NOT create a separate fake collection.
DO NOT simply add sample leads to make the UI look populated.

Find the actual root cause and fix the complete flow:

CUSTOMER WEBSITE
→ Firestore
→ Owner App Firestore listener/query
→ New Lead appears immediately
→ Notification
→ Lead Detail/Profile

PROJECT:
Firebase Project ID: pricina-a47fa

IMPORTANT:
The existing website is already submitting customer requests successfully to Firebase. Therefore, FIRST inspect the existing website/Firebase implementation and determine the EXACT Firestore collection path, document structure, and field names currently being used.

The Owner app MUST use the same existing collection and schema.

1. INSPECT EXISTING FIRESTORE DATA

Verify directly from the existing Firebase project/code:

- Exact collection name
- Exact document path
- Existing document IDs
- All field names
- Field data types
- createdAt type
- phone field
- name field
- email field
- business information
- selected plan
- services
- message
- status
- any existing/new client field
- any other fields already being written by the website

Do NOT assume the collection is called "leads" if the website currently uses another collection.

Do NOT create a second collection just because the Owner app currently expects a different path.

If the website uses something like:
inquiries
requests
contactSubmissions
leads
customerRequests
or another collection,
make the Owner app read THAT exact collection.

2. COMPARE WEBSITE WRITE VS APP READ

Inspect the code responsible for submitting the website form.

Identify exactly where it writes:

collection(...)
addDoc(...)
setDoc(...)
or any backend/API function.

Then inspect the Owner app code responsible for reading data:

collection(...)
query(...)
where(...)
orderBy(...)
onSnapshot(...)
getDocs(...)
etc.

Compare both sides field-by-field and path-by-path.

Fix any mismatch.

Examples of bugs to look for:

- Website writes to "inquiries" but app reads "leads"
- Website writes to "requests" but app reads "customers"
- App uses wrong Firebase project
- App uses wrong database
- App uses wrong collection
- App filters using a field that does not exist
- App expects Timestamp but receives string
- App expects createdAt but website uses submittedAt
- App expects status but old documents don't have status
- App query/orderBy prevents documents from appearing
- App only loads "new" documents while website documents have another status
- App reads a subcollection while website writes to a root collection
- Firebase initialization points to a different project
- Auth state is not ready when the listener starts
- Firestore permissions reject the query
- Realtime listener is not actually attached
- Listener is unsubscribed too early
- React/Expo lifecycle prevents the listener from updating the UI
- App catches Firestore errors and silently displays an empty list

3. VERIFY FIREBASE PROJECT

Make sure the Owner app is connected to:

pricina-a47fa

Verify the actual Firebase configuration used by the mobile app.

Do not accidentally use:

- another Firebase project
- development Firebase project
- old project
- emulator
- hardcoded fake database

Log/verify the actual Firebase project ID during development.

4. VERIFY FIRESTORE DATABASE

The existing customer submissions are in Cloud Firestore.

The Owner app must read from the same Firestore database.

Do not switch to Realtime Database.

Do not create a second database.

Verify the exact database and collection being used.

5. FIX REAL-TIME LISTENER

The Owner app must listen to the correct collection in real time.

When a customer submits a new request:

1. Website writes the document
2. Firestore receives it
3. Owner app listener detects it
4. Lead immediately appears in New Leads
5. Dashboard counters update
6. Notification is triggered
7. Tapping notification opens the correct lead detail

No manual refresh should be required.

Use a proper Firestore realtime listener such as onSnapshot where appropriate.

Make the listener lifecycle-safe and unsubscribe correctly when the screen/component is destroyed.

6. DO NOT FILTER OUT REAL LEADS

Temporarily remove unnecessary filters while debugging.

First prove that the Owner app can retrieve ALL existing customer requests from the correct collection.

After that, implement:

New Leads
Existing/Old Leads
All Leads
Status filters

Do not let a missing/incorrect field silently hide the document.

If a document does not contain a status field, handle it safely instead of excluding it.

7. FIRESTORE SECURITY RULES

Check the current Firestore Security Rules.

The app must have permission to read the lead/request documents.

At the same time, do NOT make the entire Firestore database publicly readable just to fix this issue.

The correct architecture should remain:

PUBLIC CUSTOMER WEBSITE
→ allowed to CREATE a request

OWNER APP
→ authenticated/authorized owner
→ allowed to READ and UPDATE lead records

OWNER APP
→ NOT allowed to DELETE

PUBLIC USER
→ NOT allowed to READ customer leads

If authentication is required for owner reads, make sure the Owner app authentication/session is actually established BEFORE starting the Firestore listener.

Do not weaken production security to:
allow read, write: if true;

Do not use a temporary insecure rule as the final solution.

Firebase Security Rules are what determine whether mobile/web client requests are allowed, and authenticated access can be enforced through request.auth.

8. IMPORTANT AUTHENTICATION CHECK

The Owner app was designed to avoid a visible login screen.

Keep the no-visible-login UX if already implemented.

However, verify that the Owner app has a valid authenticated/authorized Firebase session if Firestore rules require authentication.

If the app is currently unauthenticated and therefore receives "permission-denied", fix the authentication/session flow rather than making Firestore public.

Do not expose customer data publicly.

9. SHOW ACTUAL FIRESTORE ERRORS

The current app must NOT silently convert Firebase errors into:

"No leads found"

If Firestore fails, show/log the actual error:

- permission-denied
- unavailable
- failed-precondition
- not-found
- invalid-argument
- network error
- index error
- authentication error

During development, log:

Firebase project ID
Collection path
Current authenticated UID
Firestore listener status
Number of documents received
Firestore error code/message

This is necessary to identify the actual failure.

10. VERIFY EXISTING DATA

Use the actual customer requests already present in Firestore.

The Owner app must display existing records immediately after the fix.

Do not wait for a new request to test it.

If there are already 5, 10, 20 etc. submissions in Firestore, the app should show them.

11. NEW REQUEST TEST

After fixing the listener:

Test this exact sequence:

A. Open PRICINA website
B. Submit a completely new customer request
C. Confirm the document appears in Firestore
D. Keep Owner app open
E. Verify the new request appears automatically
F. Verify dashboard count changes
G. Verify it appears under New Leads
H. Verify customer profile opens
I. Verify full phone number is visible inside profile
J. Verify Call button opens the Android dialer with the correct number
K. Verify WhatsApp action if implemented
L. Verify notification
M. Tap notification
N. Verify it opens that exact lead

12. EXISTING LEAD TEST

Take an existing Firestore request.

Verify it appears in the Owner app.

Open it.

Verify every available field is displayed correctly.

Do not lose old records.

13. DATA MAPPING

Create a single clean mapping layer/model between Firestore documents and the app UI.

For example:

Firestore document
→ Lead model
→ UI

Do not scatter hardcoded field names throughout multiple screens.

Handle missing fields safely.

Use safe defaults only where appropriate.

Do NOT replace real missing data with fake customer information.

14. DATE/TIME

Use the actual Firestore server timestamp already stored by the website.

Display:

- date
- time
- relative time if desired

Handle Firestore Timestamp correctly.

Do not use the phone's current time as the submission time.

15. NEW / EXISTING CLIENT

Do not blindly trust a frontend-provided "new" or "existing" value.

Use the existing backend/source-of-truth logic.

If the current system does not yet reliably determine this, first display all requests correctly and then implement the classification without breaking the existing data flow.

16. DASHBOARD

After fixing Firestore data retrieval, verify dashboard cards use REAL Firestore data.

For example:

Total Leads
New Leads
Existing Clients
Contacted
In Progress
Converted
Closed

No hardcoded numbers.

17. NOTIFICATIONS

Once the Firestore listener receives a genuinely new request:

- trigger the appropriate Android notification architecture
- show customer name
- show masked phone number only
- never expose the full phone number in the notification
- tapping notification opens the correct lead

Example:

New Request
Rahul Sharma ••••1234

Do not show the full phone number in the notification.

18. SEARCH/FILTER

After the basic data flow works, verify search/filter uses the actual loaded Firestore data.

Do not make search depend on fake/local demo data.

19. OFFLINE/LOADING STATES

Show proper states:

Loading:
"Loading requests..."

Empty:
"No requests yet"

Error:
"Unable to load requests"

+ development error details/logging

Do not show "No requests yet" when the actual problem is permission-denied or a Firestore connection error.

20. DO NOT BREAK THE WEBSITE

The existing website submission flow is already working.

Do not modify it unnecessarily.

If a website-side change is absolutely required, preserve the existing submission behavior and verify that submissions continue appearing in Firestore after the change.

21. END-TO-END VERIFICATION

The final test must prove:

Website Form
↓
Firestore Document Created
↓
Owner App Firestore Listener
↓
Owner App Receives Document
↓
Dashboard Updated
↓
New Leads Updated
↓
Notification
↓
Lead Profile
↓
Call/WhatsApp/Email Actions

22. FINAL DEBUG REPORT

After fixing the issue, report:

ROOT CAUSE:
Exactly why the request was not appearing.

FIRESTORE COLLECTION:
Exact collection path used.

FIREBASE PROJECT:
Confirmed project ID.

APP QUERY:
Exact query/listener used.

SECURITY:
What rule/authentication issue existed and how it was fixed.

DATA MAPPING:
Which Firestore fields map to which app fields.

REAL-TIME:
Confirmed whether onSnapshot/realtime listener is receiving new documents.

NOTIFICATIONS:
Confirmed whether new requests generate notifications.

TEST RESULT:
Existing request test: PASS/FAIL
New request test: PASS/FAIL
Dashboard update: PASS/FAIL
Lead detail: PASS/FAIL
Call action: PASS/FAIL
Notification: PASS/FAIL
Notification tap: PASS/FAIL

IMPORTANT:
Do not give me a generic explanation.

Actually inspect the existing Firebase integration and existing Firestore data, find the mismatch/error, fix it, and verify that a real website submission appears in the Owner app without manually refreshing.